## Marking input as symbolic
## Compiling to LLVM bitcode
If you place the C file inside the git repository of klee, you can run following commands;
```
clang -I include -emit-llvm -c -g -O0 -Xclang -disable-O0-optnone get_sign.c
```
which should create a .bc file in LLVM bitcode format.
- The -I argument is used so that the compiler can find klee/klee.h, which contains definitions for the intrinsic functions used to interact with the KLEE virtual machine, such as klee_make_symbolic. 
- It is useful to build with -g to add debug information to the bitcode file, which we use to generate source line level statistics information.
- The bitcode passed to KLEE should not be optimised, because we hand-picked the correct optimisations for KLEE which can be enabled with KLEE’s --optimize command line option. However, in newer LLVM versions ( > 5.0) the -O0 zero flag should NOT be used when compiling for KLEE as it prevents KLEE from doing its own optimisations. -O0 -Xclang -disable-O0-optnone should be used instead.

## Running KLEE
```
klee_build/bin/klee XXXX.bc
```
You should see the following output:
```
KLEE: output directory = "klee-out-0"

KLEE: done: total instructions = 
KLEE: done: completed paths = 
KLEE: done: partially completed paths = 
KLEE: done: generated tests = 
```
- For larger programs, KLEE might not be able to explore each path to its end due to time or memory constraints. In that case, it also informs us about the number of interrupted (partially completed) paths. 
- The output of a KLEE execution is a directory (in our case klee-out-0) containing the test cases generated by KLEE. KLEE names the output directory klee-out-N where N is the lowest available number (so if we run KLEE again it will create a directory called klee-out-1), and also generates a symbolic link called klee-last to this directory for convenience 
 
 ## Overview of the main files generated by KLEE
 1. info: This is a text file containing various information related to a KLEE run. In particular, it records the exact command-line with which KLEE was run, and the total time taken by the execution.
 2. warnings.txt: This is a text file containing all warnings emitted by KLEE.
 3. messages.txt: This is a text file containing all other messages emitted by KLEE, e.g.: KLEE: Using Z3 solver backend
 4. assembly.ll: This file contains a human readable version of the LLVM bitcode executed by KLEE
 5. run.stats: This is a SQLite file containing various statistics emitted by KLEE. While this file can be inspected manually, you should use the klee-stats tool for that.
 6. run.istats: This is a binary file containing global statistics emitted by KLEE for each line of code in the program.

## Link some executables
This step is completely optional, but if you have to execute the generated programs again and again, it is helpful to have smaller shortcuts for them. For this purpose all modern shells offers some way of creating alias-commands.
```
nano ~/.zshrc
```
Put these lines at the end of your ~/.zshrc (if using zsh). 
```
alias       klee="~/klee/build/bin/klee"
```
Now you can run klee by running 
```
klee XXXX.bc
```



